Use new attention API for LayoutLMv3 (SDPA, Flash Attn v2 support) (#35469)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/layoutlmv3.md

  Due to these differences in data preprocessing, one can use [`LayoutLMv3Processor`] which internally combines a [`LayoutLMv3ImageProcessor`] (for the image modality) and a [`LayoutLMv3Tokenizer`]/[`LayoutLMv3TokenizerFast`] (for the text modality) to prepare all data for the model.
- Regarding usage of [`LayoutLMv3Processor`], we refer to the [usage guide](layoutlmv2#usage-layoutlmv2processor) of its predecessor.

### Using Scaled Dot Product Attention (SDPA)

> PyTorch includes a native scaled dot-product attention (SDPA) operator as part of `torch.nn.functional`. This function 
> encompasses several implementations that can be applied depending on the inputs and the hardware in use. See the 
> [official documentation](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.functional.scaled_dot_product_attention.html) 
> or the [GPU Inference](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/perf_infer_gpu_one#pytorch-scaled-dot-product-attention)
> page for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyTorch includes a native scaled dot-product attention (SDPA) operator as part of [torch.nn.functional](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/nn.functional.html). This function 
encompasses several memory-efficient attention implementations that can be applied depending on the inputs and hardware. See the 
[official documentation](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/generated/torch.nn.functional.scaled_dot_product_attention.html) 
or the [GPU Inference](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/perf_infer_gpu_one#pytorch-scaled-dot-product-attention)
page for more information.
```

> SDPA is used by default for `torch>=2.1.1` when an implementation is available, but you may also set 
> `attn_implementation="sdpa"` in `from_pretrained()` to explicitly request SDPA to be used.
> 
> ```
> from transformers import LayoutLMv3Model
> 
> model = LayoutLMv3Model.from_pretrained("microsoft/layoutlmv3-base", torch_dtype=torch.float16, attn_implementation="sdpa")
> ...
> ```
> 
> For the best speedups, we recommend loading the model in half-precision (e.g. `torch.float16` or `torch.bfloat16`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDPA is used by default for `torch>=2.1.1` when an implementation is available, but you may also set 
`attn_implementation="sdpa"` in `from_pretrained()` to explicitly request SDPA.

For the best speedups, we recommend loading the model in half-precision (`torch.float16` or `torch.bfloat16`).

```py
from transformers import LayoutLMv3Model

model = LayoutLMv3Model.from_pretrained("microsoft/layoutlmv3-base", torch_dtype=torch.float16, attn_implementation="sdpa")
```
